We watch the storm clouds gather.
We’ve seen the signs before.
The wind of persecution
Is no stranger to our door.
We will face each test with courage,
With Jehovah standing near.
And ‘no weapon formed against us’
Will give any cause for fear.
We are
one united people,
Though we come
from ev’ry land.
We are
standing firm together,
For Jehovah
makes us stand,
makes us stand.
We wait with calm assurance
For Jehovah, the Most High—
The God of our salvation
Whose love will never die.
He will never leave his people,
And his spirit makes us strong.
No, our enemies won’t break us.
To Jehovah we belong!
We are
one united people,
Though we come
from ev’ry land.
We are
standing firm together,
For Jehovah
makes us stand.
We stand firm together;
Unafraid we face the crowd.
And these hearts that beat within us
We have given to our God.
We are
one united people,
Though we come
from ev’ry land.
We are
standing firm together,
For Jehovah
makes us stand,
makes us stand.